this is the story of two men who let
half a world apart and to enjoy very
different lifestyles down Wiley it's not
your birthday
two men whose lives are tight faithfully
together by the Army's new xm-10
annihilator tank oh hi um do you have a
bathroom Dudley Moore plays Wiley
they're not so successful engineer who
helps design the tank thank you so much
you lose this job you don't come home
the dip doesn't work today it will be
thanks to jerk-offs like you know Eddie
Murphy plays Landry the reluctant young
lieutenant assigned to test the tank if
Superman were a tank driver he'd ride
the super tank where was the problem
with the tank run away
this day anyway finally Koopa while he
learns that other people are interested
in the secret plans for the new tank it
is drugged up lunatic who expects me to
meet him in 20 minutes in the parking
lot that's just one thing I want to say
and 10,000 miles away
lieutenant Landry stumbles into a
battlezone to Michael Jackson nephew
James Brown it's the WAM overheats its
thermal level Dudley Moore Eddie Murphy
Kate Capshaw it's America's best defense
you